Replace Docker images for CUDA 12.5 with CUDA 12.8 (#573)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0041.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 41 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page

> title: "Deprecation Announcement Dropping CUDA 12.5 support in our Docker Images in Release v25.02"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "RAPIDS 25.02 replaces CUDA 12.5 with CUDA 12.8 in our Docker Images"
```

notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: yellow
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v25.02"
notice_created: 2025-02-03
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2025-02-03
---

## Overview

> RAPIDS is planning to deprecate support of CUDA 12.5 Docker containers in Release `v25.02`, and to cease publishing CUDA 12.5 Docker containers before the `v25.02` release.  The CUDA 12.5 containers will be replaced by CUDA 12.8 containers.  We are continuing support for CUDA 11.8 and 12.0 containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS is removing support for CUDA 12.5 Docker containers in Release `v25.02`, and will cease publishing CUDA 12.5 Docker containers before the `v25.02` release.  The CUDA 12.5 containers will be replaced by CUDA 12.8 containers.  We are continuing support for CUDA 11.8 and 12.0 containers.
```

## Impact

Effective RAPIDS `v25.02` release, RAPIDS will cease distribution of CUDA 12.5 Docker containers.

> RAPIDS will continue to support CUDA 11.8, 12.0 and 12.8 containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RAPIDS will support CUDA 11.8, 12.0, and 12.8 Docker containers.
```
